Variable name	Type	Description
subject	integer	Subject's id
activity	character	Activity performed by subject (walking, laying, etc.)
timedomainbodyaccelerometerxmean	numeric	Mean body acceleration along x in the time domain
timedomainbodyaccelerometerymean	numeric	Mean body acceleration along y in the time domain
timedomainbodyaccelerometerzmean	numeric	Mean body acceleration along z in the time domain
timedomainbodyaccelerometerxstd	numeric	Std dev. of body acceleration along x in the time domain
timedomainbodyaccelerometerystd	numeric	Std dev. of body acceleration along y in the time domain
timedomainbodyaccelerometerzstd	numeric	Std dev. of body acceleration along z in the time domain
timedomaingravityaccelerometerxmean	numeric	Mean gravity acceleration along x in the time domain
timedomaingravityaccelerometerymean	numeric	Mean gravity acceleration along y in the time domain
timedomaingravityaccelerometerzmean	numeric	Mean gravity acceleration along z in the time domain
timedomaingravityaccelerometerxstd	numeric	Std dev. of gravity acceleration along x in the time domain
timedomaingravityaccelerometerystd	numeric	Std dev. of gravity acceleration along y in the time domain
timedomaingravityaccelerometerzstd	numeric	Std dev. of gravity acceleration along z in the time domain
timedomainbodyaccelerometerjerkxmean	numeric	Mean body acceleration along x in the time domain (jerk signals)
timedomainbodyaccelerometerjerkymean	numeric	Mean body acceleration along y in the time domain (jerk signals)
timedomainbodyaccelerometerjerkzmean	numeric	Mean body acceleration along z in the time domain (jerk signals)
timedomainbodyaccelerometerjerkxstd	numeric	Std dev. of body acceleration along x in the time domain (jerk signals)
timedomainbodyaccelerometerjerkystd	numeric	Std dev. of body acceleration along y in the time domain (jerk signals)
timedomainbodyaccelerometerjerkzstd	numeric	Std dev. of body acceleration along z in the time domain (jerk signals)
timedomainbodygyroscopexmean	numeric	Mean body angular velocity along x in the time domain
timedomainbodygyroscopeymean	numeric	Mean body angular velocity along y in the time domain
timedomainbodygyroscopezmean	numeric	Mean body angular velocity along z in the time domain
timedomainbodygyroscopexstd	numeric	Std dev. of body angular velocity along x in the time domain
timedomainbodygyroscopeystd	numeric	Std dev. of body angular velocity along y in the time domain
timedomainbodygyroscopezstd	numeric	Std dev. of body angular velocity along z in the time domain
timedomainbodygyroscopejerkxmean	numeric	Mean body angular velocity along x in the time domain (jerk signals)
timedomainbodygyroscopejerkymean	numeric	Mean body angular velocity along y in the time domain (jerk signals)
timedomainbodygyroscopejerkzmean	numeric	Mean body angular velocity along z in the time domain (jerk signals)
timedomainbodygyroscopejerkxstd	numeric	Std dev. of body angular velocity along x in the time domain (jerk signals)
timedomainbodygyroscopejerkystd	numeric	Std dev. of body angular velocity along y in the time domain (jerk signals)
timedomainbodygyroscopejerkzstd	numeric	Std dev. of body angular velocity along z in the time domain (jerk signals)
timedomainbodyaccelerometermagnitudemean	numeric	Mean body acceleration magnitude the time domain
timedomainbodyaccelerometermagnitudestd	numeric	Std dev. body acceleration magnitude in the time domain
timedomaingravityaccelerometermagnitudemean	numeric	Mean gravity acceleration magnitude the time domain
timedomaingravityaccelerometermagnitudestd	numeric	Std dev. of gravity acceleration magnitude the time domain
timedomainbodyaccelerometerjerkmagnitudemean	numeric	Mean body acceleration magnitude the time domain (jerk signals)
timedomainbodyaccelerometerjerkmagnitudestd	numeric	Std dev. body acceleration magnitude in the time domain (jerk signals)
timedomainbodygyroscopemagnitudemean	numeric	Mean gravity angular velocity magnitude the time domain
timedomainbodygyroscopemagnitudestd	numeric	Std dev. of gravity angular velocity magnitude the time domain
timedomainbodygyroscopejerkmagnitudemean	numeric	Mean body angular velocity magnitude the time domain (jerk signals)
timedomainbodygyroscopejerkmagnitudestd	numeric	Std dev. body angular velocity magnitude in the time domain (jerk signals)
freqdomainbodyaccelerometerxmean	numeric	Mean body acceleration along x in the frequency domain
freqdomainbodyaccelerometerymean	numeric	Mean body acceleration along y in the frequency domain
freqdomainbodyaccelerometerzmean	numeric	Mean body acceleration along z in the frequency domain
freqdomainbodyaccelerometerxstd	numeric	Std dev. of body acceleration along x in the frequency domain
freqdomainbodyaccelerometerystd	numeric	Std dev. of body acceleration along y in the frequency domain
freqdomainbodyaccelerometerzstd	numeric	Std dev. of body acceleration along z in the frequency domain
freqdomainbodyaccelerometerjerkxmean	numeric	Mean body acceleration along x in the frequency domain (jerk signals)
freqdomainbodyaccelerometerjerkymean	numeric	Mean body acceleration along y in the frequency domain (jerk signals)
freqdomainbodyaccelerometerjerkzmean	numeric	Mean body acceleration along z in the frequency domain (jerk signals)
freqdomainbodyaccelerometerjerkxstd	numeric	Std dev. of body acceleration along x in the frequency domain (jerk signals)
freqdomainbodyaccelerometerjerkystd	numeric	Std dev. of body acceleration along y in the frequency domain (jerk signals)
freqdomainbodyaccelerometerjerkzstd	numeric	Std dev. of body acceleration along z in the frequency domain (jerk signals)
freqdomainbodygyroscopexmean	numeric	Mean body angular velocity along x in the frequency domain
freqdomainbodygyroscopeymean	numeric	Mean body angular velocity along y in the frequency domain
freqdomainbodygyroscopezmean	numeric	Mean body angular velocity along z in the frequency domain
freqdomainbodygyroscopexstd	numeric	Std dev. of body angular velocity along x in the frequency domain
freqdomainbodygyroscopeystd	numeric	Std dev. of body angular velocity along y in the frequency domain
freqdomainbodygyroscopezstd	numeric	Std dev. of body angular velocity along z in the frequency domain
freqdomainbodyaccelerometermagnitudemean	numeric	Mean body acceleration magnitude the frequency domain
freqdomainbodyaccelerometermagnitudestd	numeric	Std dev. body acceleration magnitude in the frequency domain
freqdomainbodyaccelerometerjerkmagnitudemean	numeric	Mean body acceleration magnitude the frequency domain (jerk signals)
freqdomainbodyaccelerometerjerkmagnitudestd	numeric	Std dev. body acceleration magnitude in the frequency domain (jerk signals)
freqdomainbodygyroscopemagnitudemean	numeric	Mean gravity angular velocity magnitude in the frequency domain
freqdomainbodygyroscopemagnitudestd	numeric	Std dev. of gravity angular velocity magnitude in the frequency domain
freqdomainbodygyroscopejerkmagnitudemean	numeric	Mean gravity angular velocity magnitude in the frequency domain (jerk signals)
freqdomainbodygyroscopejerkmagnitudestd	numeric	Std dev. of gravity angular velocity magnitude in the frequency domain (jerk signals)
